DOCUMENTATION.md, before:

# Documentation

## Contents
[*dictToFile*](https://github.com/CyanSheepMedia/cyanpy/blob/master/DOCUMENTATION.md#dicttofiledict-filename)    
[*fileToDict*](https://github.com/CyanSheepMedia/cyanpy/blob/master/DOCUMENTATION.md#filetodictfilename)   
[*listToFile*](https://github.com/CyanSheepMedia/cyanpy/blob/master/DOCUMENTATION.md#listtofilelist-filename)    
[*fileToList*](https://github.com/CyanSheepMedia/cyanpy/blob/master/DOCUMENTATION.md#filetolistfilename)      
[*scaleFactor*](https://github.com/CyanSheepMedia/cyanpy/blob/master/DOCUMENTATION.md#scalefactorbaselist-actuallist)

### dictToFile(*dict*, *fileName*)
	Converts the dictionary into a string and stores it into a file.
	
### fileToDict(*fileName*)
	Opens a file and returns its contents as a dictionary.

### listToFile(*list*, *fileName*)
	Adds each value of a list into a new line in a file. 
	
### fileToList(*filename*)
	Opens a file returns each line as a single value of a list.
	
### scaleFactor(*baseList*, *actualList*)
	Finds the scale factor from the base list to the actual list. 
	Returns another list of all the scale factors.
	Both lists have have the same number of values.

Commit message:

Added documentation for linear and binary search

DOCUMENTATION.md, after:

# Documentation

## Contents
[*dictToFile*](https://github.com/CyanSheepMedia/cyanpy/blob/master/DOCUMENTATION.md#dicttofiledict-filename)    
[*fileToDict*](https://github.com/CyanSheepMedia/cyanpy/blob/master/DOCUMENTATION.md#filetodictfilename)   
[*listToFile*](https://github.com/CyanSheepMedia/cyanpy/blob/master/DOCUMENTATION.md#listtofilelist-filename)    
[*fileToList*](https://github.com/CyanSheepMedia/cyanpy/blob/master/DOCUMENTATION.md#filetolistfilename)   
[*binarySearch*](https://github.com/CyanSheepMedia/cyanpy/blob/master/DOCUMENTATION.md#binarySearchlist-searchItem)     
[*linearSearch*](https://github.com/CyanSheepMedia/cyanpy/blob/master/DOCUMENTATION.md#linearSearchlist-searchItem)    
[*scaleFactor*](https://github.com/CyanSheepMedia/cyanpy/blob/master/DOCUMENTATION.md#scalefactorbaselist-actuallist)

### dictToFile(*dict*, *fileName*)
	Converts the dictionary into a string and stores it into a file.
	
### fileToDict(*fileName*)
	Opens a file and returns its contents as a dictionary.

### listToFile(*list*, *fileName*)
	Adds each value of a list into a new line in a file. 
	
### fileToList(*filename*)
	Opens a file returns each line as a single value of a list.
	
### binarySearch(*list*, *searchItem*)
	Requires a list and a string.
	Performs a binary search on the list, looking for the string.
	Returns True if the string is found.
	Returns False if the string is nout found.
	Best for longer lists. 
	
### linearSearch(*list*, *searchItem*)
	Requires a list and a string.
	Performs a linear search on the list, looking for the string.
	Returns True if the string is found.
	Returns False if the string is nout found.
	Best for shorter lists. 
	
### scaleFactor(*baseList*, *actualList*)
	Finds the scale factor from the base list to the actual list. 
	Returns another list of all the scale factors.
	Both lists have have the same number of values.
